Clarify HPA Scaling Policies (#24262)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale.md

      periodSeconds: 60
```

> To allow a drop of at most 5 pods, another policy can be added and a selection
> policy of minimum:

Reviewer: My wording idea:
```suggestion
To ensure that no more than 5 Pods are removed per minute, you can add a second scale-down
policy with a fixed size of 5, and set `selectPolicy` to minimum. Setting `selectPolicy` to `Min` means
that the autoscaler chooses the policy that affects the smallest number of Pods:
```

Reviewer 2: This sounds great!
